es/ucm/fdi/lookaround/ItemLoaderCallbacks.java
 es.ucm.fdi.lookaround.ItemLoaderCallbacks
es/ucm/fdi/lookaround/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 es.ucm.fdi.lookaround.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
es/ucm/fdi/lookaround/BuildConfig.java
 es.ucm.fdi.lookaround.BuildConfig
es/ucm/fdi/lookaround/ItemInfo.java
 es.ucm.fdi.lookaround.ItemInfo
 es.ucm.fdi.lookaround.ItemInfo$1
es/ucm/fdi/lookaround/databinding/ActivitySearchBinding.java
 es.ucm.fdi.lookaround.databinding.ActivitySearchBinding
es/ucm/fdi/lookaround/MapActivity.java
 es.ucm.fdi.lookaround.MapActivity
 es.ucm.fdi.lookaround.MapActivity$1
 es.ucm.fdi.lookaround.MapActivity$2
 es.ucm.fdi.lookaround.MapActivity$3
 es.ucm.fdi.lookaround.MapActivity$4
es/ucm/fdi/lookaround/databinding/CategoryItemBinding.java
 es.ucm.fdi.lookaround.databinding.CategoryItemBinding
es/ucm/fdi/lookaround/databinding/ResultItemBinding.java
 es.ucm.fdi.lookaround.databinding.ResultItemBinding
es/ucm/fdi/lookaround/CustomInfoWindowAdapter.java
 es.ucm.fdi.lookaround.CustomInfoWindowAdapter
es/ucm/fdi/lookaround/databinding/ActivityItemListBinding.java
 es.ucm.fdi.lookaround.databinding.ActivityItemListBinding
es/ucm/fdi/lookaround/ItemLoader.java
 es.ucm.fdi.lookaround.ItemLoader
es/ucm/fdi/lookaround/databinding/ActivityMapBinding.java
 es.ucm.fdi.lookaround.databinding.ActivityMapBinding
es/ucm/fdi/lookaround/databinding/ToolsbarBinding.java
 es.ucm.fdi.lookaround.databinding.ToolsbarBinding
es/ucm/fdi/lookaround/databinding/PopUpLayoutBinding.java
 es.ucm.fdi.lookaround.databinding.PopUpLayoutBinding
es/ucm/fdi/lookaround/databinding/PlaceItemBinding.java
 es.ucm.fdi.lookaround.databinding.PlaceItemBinding
es/ucm/fdi/lookaround/databinding/ActivityMapTestBinding.java
 es.ucm.fdi.lookaround.databinding.ActivityMapTestBinding
es/ucm/fdi/lookaround/databinding/InfowindowMapBinding.java
 es.ucm.fdi.lookaround.databinding.InfowindowMapBinding
es/ucm/fdi/lookaround/MainActivity.java
 es.ucm.fdi.lookaround.MainActivity
 es.ucm.fdi.lookaround.MainActivity$1
 es.ucm.fdi.lookaround.MainActivity$2
 es.ucm.fdi.lookaround.MainActivity$3
es/ucm/fdi/lookaround/CategoriesResultListAdapter.java
 es.ucm.fdi.lookaround.CategoriesResultListAdapter
 es.ucm.fdi.lookaround.CategoriesResultListAdapter$ItemViewHolder
 es.ucm.fdi.lookaround.CategoriesResultListAdapter$ItemViewHolder$1
 es.ucm.fdi.lookaround.CategoriesResultListAdapter$ItemViewHolder$1$1
 es.ucm.fdi.lookaround.CategoriesResultListAdapter$ItemViewHolder$1$1$1
 es.ucm.fdi.lookaround.CategoriesResultListAdapter$ItemViewHolder$1$2
 es.ucm.fdi.lookaround.CategoriesResultListAdapter$ItemViewHolder$1$2$1
 es.ucm.fdi.lookaround.CategoriesResultListAdapter$ItemViewHolder$1$2$1$1
es/ucm/fdi/lookaround/PopUpWindow.java
 es.ucm.fdi.lookaround.PopUpWindow
 es.ucm.fdi.lookaround.PopUpWindow$1
 es.ucm.fdi.lookaround.PopUpWindow$2
es/ucm/fdi/lookaround/SearchActivity.java
 es.ucm.fdi.lookaround.SearchActivity
 es.ucm.fdi.lookaround.SearchActivity$1
 es.ucm.fdi.lookaround.SearchActivity$2
 es.ucm.fdi.lookaround.SearchActivity$2$1
es/ucm/fdi/lookaround/ItemListActivity.java
 es.ucm.fdi.lookaround.ItemListActivity
 es.ucm.fdi.lookaround.ItemListActivity$1
 es.ucm.fdi.lookaround.ItemListActivity$2
 es.ucm.fdi.lookaround.ItemListActivity$3
es/ucm/fdi/lookaround/ItemsResultListAdapter.java
 es.ucm.fdi.lookaround.ItemsResultListAdapter
 es.ucm.fdi.lookaround.ItemsResultListAdapter$ItemViewHolder
 es.ucm.fdi.lookaround.ItemsResultListAdapter$ItemViewHolder$1
 es.ucm.fdi.lookaround.ItemsResultListAdapter$ItemViewHolder$2
